Privacy Policy

Patrick Doyle built the Face Tattoo app as a free app in its current state. This SERVICE is provided by Patrick Doyle at no cost and is intended for use as is.  The app may use in app purchases in the future but does not at the moment. 

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

The Face Tattoo AR app uses the TrueDepth API to get a map of the user's face geometry so that it can take an image of a tattoo and project it on to the user's face, giving the user the illusion that the tattoo is actually on their face.  Specifically, the map will take an image of a tattoo with a transparent background and apply/project the image directly to the user's facial geometry.  This TrueDepth API and facial geometry image projection is needed for the app to function since the purpose of the app is to allow users to visualize tattoos/images/drawings on their face.  

None of the data/information collected by the TrueDepth API is saved or stored except (except for when the app is running, the data will need to be stored in the user's local memory).  This data is not saved or shared with any 3rd parties.  

It is possible for the user of the app to save an image of the tattoo projected onto their face to their phone's image gallery if they wish.  

Currently, Face Tattoo app does not collect or store any other user data.  The app may request you to access images from your gallery or save images to your gallery if you wish, but the app does not store or save any of these photos anywhere besides on your local device.  

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;

To provide the Service on our behalf;

To perform Service-related services; or

To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  As of now, no third parties are being used that would access your personal information.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

